docs: improve docs of elements using DataItem interface (#960)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/select.md

## Data property interface

> The `data` property of the `ef-select` use the [SelectData](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/blob/v7/packages/elements/src/select/helpers/types.ts) type for its data items. Each item is `ItemData` type extended from [DataItem](./custom-components/utils/data-management#data-item).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `data` property of the `ef-select` uses the [SelectData](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/blob/v6/packages/elements/src/select/helpers/types.ts) type for its data items. Each item is `ItemData` type extended from [DataItem](./custom-components/utils/data-management#data-item).
```
